# Meeting Minutes 10-14

## Date / Time
10-14-2022 5:05pm est

## Attendees
- Dr. Bateman 
- Jack Norman
- Dennis Grassl

## Topics Covered

### Prototype for testing new functionalities
We're using the legacy code to create a working prototype where we can ensure that Dr. Bateman keeps the functionality 
she likes and test new functionalities that we implement.  We should put something together as soon as possible 
(hopefully in the next few weeks).  The only concern with changing any of the infrastructure is losing data integrity. 
As long as we don't compromise the data, we can do what we're planning to do with Firebase. When we finish with the 
prototype, we should present to Bateman so she can understand what we're working on (artifacts). This could even count 
as our Artifact Review for Sprint 2.

### Arizona Game and Fish Department
Annual reports are submitted for Scientific Collecting Permit - this is required to keep the permit. In order to have
the permit, you must share your data with the state.  The state has a way of taking in data but it isn't very good.  
There's a specific format that has to be adhered to which is cumbersome.  This may be an area we can support.
Arizona Game and Fish Department issues permit, so this is like a hunting license for research
The state has a way of taking in data but it's not very good
Need a way to get the data in a standardized format
Has format that Bateman has to adhere to and she's going to share that format on Slack.

### Meeting with Carlo
We want to schedule a meeting with Bateman and Carlo for the week of October 17th. Bateman's availability for that week
is as follows:
- Monday (10/17) after 11am AZ time 
- Tuesday (10/18) wide open
- Wednesday (10/19) open at 10am & 11am AZ time
- Thursday (10/20) open at 1pm or 2pm AZ time 
- Friday (10/21) unavailable



## Action Item List

| **Action Item**                   | **Owner(s)**     | **Due Date**                                              |
|-----------------------------------|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| Get working prototype to Bateman  | Development Team | November 11th (tentatively)                               |
| Send AZ Game and Fish Data Format | Dr. Bateman      | she'll do it on Slack after shes's done at her conference |
| Schedule meeting to include Carlo | Development Team | week of October 17th                                      |

## Date / Time Next Meeting
TBD - week of October 17th
